---
layout: post
title:  "First Week At Mayden"
date:   2115-09-18
categories: first project
author: luciavelasco
---

`          Good Morning, Lucía. Welcome Back to Mayden Academy.` _The computer is painfully chirpy this morning._ Yawning, Lucia reached for the MindMax security system. Groping air, she promptly headbanged the desk and reached for the antique keyboard. Glowering, she furiously banged her password into the keys. The light in the globular attachment to her primitive "Apple Mac" blinked blandly.

`You appear to be excessively weary, Lucía. May I be of assistance?`

She groaned.

"Tell me about my week, Pod."

The SmartPod pondered this command and whirred considerately.
`Lucía. This week you have begun training at Mayden Academy for its centenary celebration. The syllabus has grown over the years, having originally been six months to cover the contemporary cutting edge technological skills. Now, the syllabus is a year long and contains all the antiquarian syllabus in addition to the latest updates, advances and, naturally, the modern tech skills used at Mayden.`

"Tell me something I don't know," she muttered sourly.

`Granny Smith apples were accidentally grown originally by Maira Ann Sherwood, an English woman who decamped to Australia in 183-`

She reddened and verbally lunged to interrupt, "Noooo Pod, stop!! Initialise recording," she paused to recompose herself, "18th of September two-thousand-one-hundred-and-fifteen. My first week at Mayden comprised of learning how to work with the Command Line, - still used in modern day IT - of getting familiar with Orbit 5.0 - the CRM used by Mayden, and of..." here she trailed off and screwed up her face in concentration.






